gbp: add page (#7216)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/gbp.md

# gbp

> A system to integrate the Debian package build system with Git.
> More information: <http://honk.sigxcpu.org/projects/git-buildpackage/manual-html/gbp.html>.

> - Convert a pre-existing Debian package to gbp:

Reviewer: `pre-existing` sounds a bit off. How about just `existing`
```suggestion
- Convert an existing Debian package to gbp:
```

> - Convert an already existing Debian package to gbp:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Convert a pre-existing Debian package to gbp:
```

> `gbp import-dsc {{software_0.1-2.dsc}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gbp import-dsc {{path/to/package.dsc}}`
```

> - Build a package using the default builder (`debuild`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Build the package in the current directory using the default builder (`debuild`):
```

> - Build a package using the default builder (debuild):

Reviewer 2: This is the name of a command, so it belongs in backticks.
```suggestion
- Build a package using the default builder (`debuild`):
```

> `gbp buildpackage -jauto -us -uc`

Reviewer: I can't find all those options in the [man page](http://honk.sigxcpu.org/projects/git-buildpackage/manual-html/man.gbp.buildpackage.html)

Author: Those are `OPTION_PASSED_TO_BUILD_CMD`. I know it's convoluted (hence the need for a tldr page!)

> - Build a package in a pbuilder environment for Debian Bullseye:

Reviewer 2: Same here.
```suggestion
- Build a package in a `pbuilder` environment for Debian Bullseye:
```

`DIST={{bullseye}} ARCH={{amd64}} gbp buildpackage -jauto -us -uc --git-builder={{git-pbuilder}}`

> - Specify that this is a source-only upload in `.changes` file (see https://wiki.debian.org/SourceOnlyUpload):

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Specify that this is a source-only upload in the `.changes` file (see https://wiki.debian.org/SourceOnlyUpload):
```

> - Specify that this is a source-only upload in the `.changes` file (see https://wiki.debian.org/SourceOnlyUpload):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specify a package to be a source-only upload in the `.changes` file (see https://wiki.debian.org/SourceOnlyUpload):
```

`gbp buildpackage -jauto -us -uc --changes-options={{-S}}`

- Import a new upstream release:

> `gbp import-orig --pristine-tar {{software-0.1.tar.gz}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gbp import-orig --pristine-tar {{path/to/package.tar.gz}}`
```
